h2. FuzzyFileFinder.tmbundle

FuzzyFileFinder is a (somewhat improved) implementation of TextMate's &#x2318;T functionality written by Jamis Buck ("http://github.com/jamis/fuzzy_file_finder":http://github.com/jamis/fuzzy_file_finder). It allows you to search for a file by specifying a pattern of characters that appear in that file's name. Unlike TextMate, FuzzyFileFinder also lets you match against the file's directory, so you can more easily scope your search.

This bundle is really just a proof-of-concept to bring FuzzyFileFinder back to textmate. This bundle however isn't quite as useful as TextMate's &#x2318;T as it is not integrated enough with TextMate. I'm hoping that somebody will be interested in rewriting this to work with Dialog2.

h3. SYNOPSIS:

open a project, and then a file within the project (because bundle commands only work when a file is open)

then: &#x21E7;&#x2318;K (shift-command-K), and type part of a filename

h3. ALTERNATIVES

Although the functionality and concept here is excellent, usability is pretty terrible. The problem is that this bundle is written using the standard HTML output, which allows for nice output, but very little interaction for the user. The two biggest things missing for usability are: live searching on each keystroke, and the ability to select the file from the keyboard once the search is over. Eric O'Connel has made an attempt to fix the later issue here: "http://github.com/drd/fuzzyfilefinder.tmbundle":http://github.com/drd/fuzzyfilefinder.tmbundle. His solution allows the user to select a file with arrows and enter, but looses the colorful highlighting that indicates what matched.

Surely these issues could be solved in an implemented with MacRuby, Interface Builder, and Dialog2. Anyone?

h3. INSTALL:

Run this:

	cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
	git clone git://github.com/amiel/fuzzyfilefinder.tmbundle.git FuzzyFileFinder.tmbundle


h3. LICENSE:

All code, documentation, and related materials in this project are released into the PUBLIC DOMAIN. Usage, modification, and distribution are allowed without restriction.
